<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/layout/base.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="title">Terms of Service</ui:define>
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>Terms of Service</h1>

        <p>
            <em>Mothsoft Alexis</em> is offered as Software as a Service
            (SaaS) in public beta. Services are provided &quot;as
            is&quot; without warranty of any kind, either express or
            implied.
        </p>
        <p>This software service processes large amounts of text
            content on behalf of users even when they are not active
            users of the system. Because of the processing and storage
            costs associated with both active and passive use of the
            system, we reserve the right to truncate historical data or
            disable feed processing for any user at any time for any
            reason.
         </p>
         <p>
           License to use this software is provided free of charge during the beta period.
           After the beta period, this software will likely be offered with a combination
           of free and paid subscription components. The present availability of any portion of this software
           free of charge charge is no guarantee of its future availability free of charge.
         </p>
         <p>
           If you have questions, comments, or concerns about these terms, please contact <a href="mailto:sales@mothsoft.com">sales@mothsoft.com</a>
           before accepting these terms.
         </p>

        <h:form styleClass="acceptTermsOfService">
            <h:commandButton value="Accept" styleClass="accept"
                actionListener="#{termsOfServiceBackingBean.accept}" />
        </h:form>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</html>
